# Cars Web Dev Test

# Cars API

Please create a new git repo (don't fork this one) and follow the instructions below.

Once you have finished, please email us the URL to your repo.

Please make commits as you go (> 1 and < 100) and provide instructions to run the application.

## The Story

"As a consumer of a RESTFul API, I would like to be able to add, retrieve, and remove *cars*."

### The Acceptance Criteria

* Priority order is:
    1. add
    2. retrieve 
    3. remove
* A *car* has the following attributes:
    * id*
    * make
    * model
    * colour
    * year
* We do not require persistent storage at this stage (an in-memory store is fine).

*generated by the application on entry

(If the story needs to be broken down to fit into the sprint, please do so.)

## Subsequent stories

These are stretch goals if you have time (you can do them in any order):

* "As a Developer, I want my code to be covered by tests, so I know if a change has broken something"
* "As a Consumer of the API, when reading the car model information I would like to see an additional field containing a string of a few words that sound like the model of the cars I have added" (using [http://www.datamuse.com/api/](http://www.datamuse.com/api/) as the source).
* "As a Consumer of the API, I would like to be able to update my existing cars"
* "As a Consumer of the API, I would like any cars I add through the API to persist between application restarts (persistent storage)"
* "As a Consumer of the API, I would like cars to be represented as two separate, hierarchically linked resources: 
    1. *Make*
    1. *Model*

## Limitations

You can use whatever online resources you want (aside from copy-pasting large chunks of code).

You are encouraged to use any frameworks or libraries you feel comfortable with.

You will be asked about the code you submit so you should be able to explain why every line is there.

# Notes for later (documentation / assumptions)
1- choosing Grails. //TODO: explain benefits  

2- domain modelling:  //TODO: explain  
    a) KISS principle - do not over-engineer  
    b) requirements still not clear at this stage - understand from client - assume the simplest for now (purpose of app is to just gather data for now. model can be simple. no need for normalization...)  
    c) explain that encapsulation is not being disrespected (what happens under the hood in Grails)  

3- testing:  explain why some testing has been made at this stage. rather than waiting till next story as in the problem statement  
    try to test ASAP whenever possible (specially & at least unit testing)  
    DONE definition of a story should include a minimum level of testing (to be agreed with the team)  
    
4- merge story: "As a Consumer of the API, I would like to be able to update my existing cars"  
   why? Grails makes it easy to have it from the beginning


Note: thinking out loud, to show my way of processing & tackling the problem
